docs(mariadb): Add bind_address info (#136)
IBM/ibmi-oss-docs: mariadb/MIGRATION-10.6.md

> ejbdccuuiigunbnjkbcidkhnfghknvvhbrredfjnektc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Looks like a yubikey sniped your PR

	```sh
	mariadbd-safe &

>  	# NOTE: If the IPv6 interface is disabled you will need to explicity set the bind address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 	# NOTE: If IPv6 is disabled you will need to explicitly set the bind address
```

I suspect there's few customers that have IPv6 enabled, but don't have an IPv6 interface configured. More likely, they just disable IPv6 entirely.
